---
description: 'Check out some example code before getting started.'
head.title: 'Quick Example - Webext-Bridge - Server Side Up'
layout: docs
---

# Quick Example
Let's quickly send a message from our popup, to our background script. 

## Popup
In your popup, add the following code:

::code-panel
---
label: Popup
---
```javascript
import { sendMessage, onMessage } from "webext-bridge/popup";
const response = await sendMessage("ACTION", {
    data: data
}, "background");
```
::

## Background Service Worker
Now, head over to your background service worker script and add the following code:

::code-panel
---
label: Background Service Worker (background.js)
---
```javascript
import { onMessage, sendMessage } from "webext-bridge/background"

onMessage( "ACTION", runAction );
async function runAction( {data} ){
    // process data

    // return data
    return {
        
    };
}
```
::

That's it! You are ready to send messages.

## Advantages
There's a lot of advantages to using the `webext-bridge` package. `webext-bridge` handles everything for you as efficiently as possible. No more `chrome.runtime.sendMessage` or `chrome.runtime.onConnect` or `chrome.runtime.connect` 

First, you can specifically target where your message is being sent or handled. Notice in the popup script, we import from `webext-bridge/popup` and in the background service worker, we import from `webext-bridge/background`. Super handy to control how your messages are being processed and where. No funky scoping or messages being processed in the wrong place.

Second, the code is much cleaner and easy to read since you can easily bind an action to a function. No more massive switch/case statements that you'd have using the built in messaging systems:

::code-panel
---
label: Compare to built in messaging
---
```javascript
browser.runtime.onMessage.addListener( ( request, sender, sendResponse ) => {
    switch( request.action ){
        case "ACTION":
            runAction( request.data ).then( sendResponse );
            return true;
        break; 
    }
} );
```
::

Also, this is a cross platform solution. This code will work on Firefox, Chrome, Safari, and Edge!

While this is a very simple example, it shows the power and flexibility of the `webext-bridge` package. We will be diving in a lot more and showing a ton of examples.

## Learn how to use "webext-bridge" with our book
We put together a comprehensive guide to help people [build multi-platform browser extensions](https://serversideup.net/building-multi-platform-browser-extensions/). The book covers everything from getting started to advanced topics like messaging, storage, and debugging. It's a great resource for anyone looking to build a browser extension. The book specifically covers how to use `webext-bridge` to simplify messaging in your extension.