---
description: 'sendMessage() API Documentation'
head.title: 'sendMessage() - Webext-Bridge - Server Side Up'
layout: docs
---

# sendMessage()

`sendMessage(messageId: string, data: any, destination: string)`

Sends a message to some other part of your extension.

- If there is no listener on the other side an error will be thrown where `sendMessage` was called.

- Listener on the other may want to reply. Get the reply by `await`ing the returned `Promise`

- An error thrown in listener callback (in the destination context) will behave as usual, that is, bubble up, but the same error will also be thrown where `sendMessage` was called

- If the listener receives the message but the destination disconnects (tab closure for exmaple) before responding, `sendMessage` will throw an error in the sender context.

## `messageId`

**Required** | `string`

Any `string` that both sides of your extension agree on. Could be `get-flag-count` or `getFlagCount` or `GET_FLAG_COUNT`, as long as it's same on receiver's `onMessage` listener.

## `data`

**Required** | `any`

Any serializable value you want to pass to other side, latter can access this value by refering to `data` property of first argument to `onMessage` callback function.

## `destination`

**Required** | `string`

The actual identifier of other endpoint.

Example: `devtools` or `content-script` or `background` or `content-script@133` or `devtools@453`

`content-script`, `window` and `devtools` destinations can be suffixed with `@<tabId>` to target specific tab. Example: `devtools@351`, points to devtools panel inspecting tab with id 351.

For `content-script`, a specific `frameId` can be specified by appending the `frameId` to the suffix `@<tabId>.<frameId>`.

Read [Notes](/docs/api/notes) section to see how destinations (or endpoints) are treated.

::note
For security reasons, if you want to receive or send messages to or from `window` context, one of your extension's content script must call `allowWindowMessaging(<namespace: string>)` to unlock message routing. 

Also call `setNamespace(<namespace: string>)` in those `window` contexts. Use same namespace string in those two calls, so `webext-bridge` knows which message belongs to which extension (in case multiple extensions are using `webext-bridge` in one page)
::