---
description: 'Extra notes when working with webext-bridge'
head.title: 'Notes - Webext-Bridge - Server Side Up'
layout: docs
---

# Notes
::note
Following rules apply to `destination` being specified in `sendMessage(msgId, data, destination)` and `openStream(channelId, initialData, destination)`
::

- Specifying `devtools` as destination from `content-script` will auto-route payload to inspecting `devtools` page if open and listening. If devtools are not open, message will be queued up and delivered when devtools are opened and the user switches to your extension's devtools panel.

- Specifying `content-script` as destination from `devtools` will auto-route the message to inspected window's top `content-script` page if listening. If page is loading, message will be queued up and delivered when page is ready and listening.

- If `window` context (which could be a script injected by content script) are source or destination of any payload, transmission must be first unlocked by calling `allowWindowMessaging(<namespace: string>)` inside that page's top content script, since `Bridge` will first deliver the payload to `content-script` using rules above, and latter will take over and forward accordingly. `content-script` <-> `window` messaging happens using `window.postMessage` API. Therefore to avoid conflicts, `Bridge` requires you to call `setNamespace(uuidOrReverseDomain)` inside the said window script (injected or remote, doesn't matter).

- Specifying `devtools` or `content-script` or `window` from `background` will throw an error. When calling from `background`, destination must be suffixed with tab id. Like `devtools@745` for `devtools` inspecting tab id 745 or `content-script@351` for top `content-script` at tab id 351.