---
description: 'Running into issues?'
head.title: 'Troubleshooting - Webext-Bridge - Server Side Up'
layout: docs
---

# Troubleshooting
With all the moving parts, it's easy to run into issues. Here's a few common mistakes.

## Doesn't work?
If `window` contexts are not part of the extension, `webext-bridge` works out of the box for messaging between `devtools` <-> `background` <-> `content-script`(s). 

If even that is not working, it's likely that `webext-bridge` hasn't been loaded in background page of your extension, which is used by `webext-bridge` as a relay. If you don't need a background page for yourself, here's bare minimum to get `webext-bridge` going.

First, add a `background.js` file within your extension. In the background script, add the following code:

::code-panel
---
label: background.js
---
```javascript
import "webext-bridge/background";
```
::

Next, include that file within your manifest:

::code-panel
---
label: manifest.json
---
```json
{
    "background": {
        "scripts": ["path/to/transpiled/background.js"]
    }
}
```
::

You now have a simple background script within your extension that the `webext-bridge` can use as a staging ground for communicating messages.

## Can't send messages to `window`?
Sending or receiving messages from or to `window` requires you to open the messaging gateway in content script(s) for that particular tab. 

Call `allowWindowMessaging(<namespaceA: string>)` in any of your content script(s) in that tab and call `setNamespace(<namespaceB: string>)` in the script loaded in top frame i.e the `window` context. Make sure that `namespaceA === namespaceB`. 

If you're doing this, read the [security section](/docs/guide/security)




